In the last lectures we successfully edit or a sign up and Silden pages and we get this to work as intended.
Now I want to take this to the next level and I want to change the page with uing depending on the level
we are locked in or logged out.
Now changing the page we're viewing this sounds like a chop for Yapp component because this is where
we set our route page right where we also have this menu which is able to change our route page.
So in order to change our route pitch you're going to add a new code to the constructor here and this
code will actually be firebase off again.
But then we have to work on all staed.
All states changed Meffert and this allows us to pass in a method which will be triggered when ever
our offense occasion state changes in this app.
This will then automatically give us the user Optik ever being NULL or undefined if we're not authenticated
if it changed to an off indicated or the actual authenticated user.
If we switched from FINUCAN to authenticated from an authentic at a to of indicated.
So in this method I'm passing here as an argument to on Ofsted changed.
We can write any code we want we execute whenever our of indication status does change here on want
to check if user is set.
And this will only be the case if we are of indicators.
So I'm checking if I'm authenticated here in this case that we're authenticated.
I want to do two things.
One thing is I'll add a new method here which I'll name is authenticated which is false by default which
I said true are used as property in a second.
So here is authenticated is set to true.
The second thing I want to do is I want to switch the root page.
So here I'll use Neph and then set the route to navigate to a different page if we're authenticated
I want to navigate to detax page here.
So this taps page to this value stored in this property here.
If we're not a Fendi to this nobody else case that the user object is undefined which means.
Which means we switched to the end of an educated state.
In this case I want to set is offene credit to false and I want to set my route page to another page
let's say to design in page so navigate to the sign in page.
In this case.
So with that I have a listener in place listening for my authentication status which will hopefully
show me the correct page.
Now what do I need as of is authentic had a property for I'll use it in my template of the app component
in the menu because I want to change where I want to conditionally show and hide those buttons.
I should say so for example the recipe book button on place and she is on it because it only want you
showed this button if we are vindicated.
So NGF is authentic and it is the condition I want here because I don't want to show that but if we're
not offending catered for the sign in button it's the opposite.
I only want to show the button if we're not offending catered.
So add an exclamation mark in front of is offended that the same is true for the sign up button.
Whoops.
Not here though.
Here I only want to show this but never not have indicated the log out button though should be shown
if we are offended and not if we're not if indicated So let's save this and let's see if this works
as expected.
Now keep in mind we already are.
Vindicated because I did of indicate when I tested design in component to sign in page.
Therefore I correct lasy recipe and log out here and I start on the Tapps page.
Now we can switch to vindicate it because the log pattern is not working.
So let's implement the log out button so that we can actually see a change between unauthenticated and
of indicated state